Hurricane Katrina may extend from
Southeast Louisiana all the way into
Kentucky
you black from the lower ninth know
you've locked down I don't know how you
do it I think it's love man we got a
wife and a son now you won't have to
deal with this type of assistance the
Ninth Ward isn't covering New Orleans
nothing short of apocalypse first they
flood us then they pushing herself this
happened just how they won't why don't
we talk to your cousin that dude again
saying he made me nervous
and what the hell are we we ain't no
gangster it's our only option
this morning dawn first all right we
ain't the different benefit of money
perfectly good hacks paying casino was
hit you ain't got my money we got to
walk the play we gotta figure something
out fast
you got trouble boy
you're recognized what you go up against
what's going on
this will do some we got robbed
[Music]
I think they in trouble is a war going
on you don't know about
happily got down but Lord night wasn't
mine now before I show us
[Applause]
Katrina has always been wettest set a
bunch of different names
[Music]
you